---
title: "Post 407"
date: 2005-04-22
private: false
---

I have a new pet!  I'm really excited.  Here's a picture of his new home.

[Image no longer available]

Now that you see his beauteous new home, let me tell you about his old home.  It was a nasty place, filled with terrible food and cyclic loud noises.  He and his mouse friends lived in constant fear of traps, big feet, and food so foul, it could kill them if they took a single bite.  He's probably pretty grateful I rescued him.  Or maybe it's a she.  I'll let you know if I get around to checking.

Anyways, as you probably figured out by now, the place he used to call home is Chuck's.  No, I'm serious.  I don't know why everyone thinks I'm lying, nor do I get why they think its so nasty.  He's really quite clean.  And fat.  He was living the high life, a life in the lap of luxury, where food just came to him.  He has exquisite taste, as demonstrate by his residence underneath the desert table.  That's how else you can know I'm not lying; half of Cedarville University saw me and Ben Nickum dive underneath the curtains of the table (do tables have curtains?)  and emerge a few minutes later with our prize pets.  I think Ben fed his to a snake already.  But, mine's my new best friend.  Probably my only friend.  I have a few tentative names, but feel free to put your 2¢ in.

Sadly, Chuck's was out of those little suggestion cards, so I'm gonna snag one later, bring it back and print out a picture of my mouse on it and put it back in.  Word on the street is that there were 4 mice caught today; one by a Chuck's worker, one by me, one by Ben, and one rumored caught by some CedarBoyâ„¢ who remains unknown at this time.

Here he is, all cute and cuddly up close.  Yeah, he really is cute.  He cleans himself a lot too; maybe I'll take a hint.

[Image no longer available]

(And that "Currently Watching" nonsense, I was in that play in high school.  It was dumb)