---
title: "Post 399"
date: 2005-05-17
private: false
---

[This girl](http://www.xanga.com/home.aspx?user=Opaque_Reality) is currently stalking me, or maybe I'm stalking her.

[Image no longer available]

Really, video chat online is uber-fly.  She think I only talk to
her because a) I might like her someday or b) She's shorter than I
am.   Am I really that shallow?  Hmm, probably.  She's a good one to stalk though, I'm glad I did.

In other news, the past week I had decided that I was going cross
country.  A weeks worth of contacting the Apple store led me to
believe there was no hope for a job there.  I talked to a lot of
people who didnt seem to know what they were talking about.
Finally one girl told me the manager I'd been in contact with had just
hired four other people, and that now he would call me if there was a
position open ever, which was unlikely in the near future.  That
led me to believe that it was unlikely for a position to be open in the
near future.  Silly me.

So I got a job doing maintenance at my camp; the guy just quit, and
it's a bad time cause there's tons of stuff to get ready for it.
I ran into Bonnie, my camp director, at the Outback Steakhouse this
weekend, and got the job. It's nothing spectacular, but it's
money.  So, I was going to do that until camp started the end of
June, then work two weeks at camp because I love it...then take
off!  See the country!  Visit your house, eat your food, and
sleep in your bed.  Erm, on the couch.  But again, silly me.

The guy from the Apple store called this afternoon, between me killing
weeds and mulching.  He said sorry for taking so long, but he
wants to schedule my interview now.  He said whoever said there
were no positions available lied.  So now, next Wednesday I have
an interview.

Objectively, this is great; was my dream job, really.  But I had
so resigned myself to not getting it, and gotten so excited about going
around the country...I honestly wasn't thrilled when I got the
call.  I think I'd just convinced myself I'd never get a chance at
getting it, and gotten too excited about going cross country.  But
the more I consider it, the more I know that I really should take it,
and so now I hope the interview goes well.

Bekah and Bethany tell me they are gonna laugh in my face if I don't
get the job because i don't wear a suit to the interview, but I'm not
going to.  Here's me and a some of my studlike buddies from high
school.  We clean up pretty nice eh??

[Image no longer available]