---
title: "Post 409"
date: 2005-04-13
private: false
---

So, this post is a tribute to my dad.  And to me, as well.  But mostly to him.  He's a stud, really.  He did all of the things I dreamed I could do, but never will get to do.  Or at least, that I haven't done.  Like shrooms, which I posted about awhile back.  And lots of other assorted drugs.  He was a teenager in the '60s, which I'm very jealous of.  He went to jail, drove a sweet van, and snuck into Canada at night (not to avoid the draft, just because they wouldn't let him in during the day).  Here's a sweet action picture of him

[Image no longer available]

We go to the movies together and make fun of things and people.  I guess that's not really funny, and it means we're terrible people.  That's alright, we find it funny ourselves even though no one gets us.  When he's really angry, he threatens to crush me with his wallet (yeah, we're both rich jews, but he's got a few years on me) or he wishes upon me that "I have one just like me".  That came true for him though.

Here's the two of us together, looking beautiful.  Well, he was beautiful. Back in the day. When he looked like me.  Also, I'm graduating high school in my picture, which he accidently forgot to do.

[Image no longer available][Image no longer available]

Oh, and silly children we are;  I almost forgot to mention, yes, he's awesome, and I love him, and I thank God he's my dad.  Even though he's the reason that I'm the way I am, so you all might not be so thankful, eh? Eh?