---
title: "Post 412"
date: 2005-04-04
private: false
---

i've lured you all in with cookies and treats and humor, all for the purpose of soon closing my trap of a serious post.  snap, i've caught you. mwahaa.

so strangely, its like i only have 11 credits that work for next semester.  strange for an engineer eh?  i guess its the semester for gen eds...but i'm clepping, taking online, taking other schools, etc etc. so i figger, i'll take advantage of all these gold opportunities offered by going to the bible-kinda college.  i'll take super sweet classes about the bible. woot!

only...i can count on my fingers the number of classes we have rooted directly in the text. but i have to take off my shoes and then some to count the number of worldview classes, "applicable" spiritual-related classes, etc etc...i don't understand why there are so many more of those.  is it strange we go to a bible college, but its hard to find actual classes on the bible itself?

and that scares me.  if we begin giving much more classes on women's ministry, the youth pastor, urban ministry, etc etc, and offer less and less classes on the text itself, who is going to preserve that truth?  cedarville, as a more conservative institution, should be a brilliant place to preserve the truth and teachings of biblical texts.  even it seems to be annoying at times, extreme conservative institutions plays a strong role in carrying biblical text through otherwise hazy cultural times, right?

God will protect and conserve his word...thats not going to be a problem.  but hopefully cedarville won't lose that role.  even if people become less and less interested in that, and want more stuff that relates to the world they live in...sigh. i love learning for learning and knowledge for knowledge's sake, as God becames more and more amazing the more you know about everying...but things seem to be strolling away from that.  talking with some members of the bible department revealed that there used to be many more text-based classes, but they decided it was important to move to more 'practical' things, for lack of a better word, and people were less interested in pure bible classes and more into personal evangalism, small group ministry, and CLT.  well, not CLT.  but a bit less worldview and a bit more bible....mmm, yummy.  id get excited.

apparently if i shoot the bug at the top of the screen, i'll get a free playstation 2, so ill let you know how that goes.

[Image no longer available]