---
title: "Post 362"
date: 2006-01-26
private: false
---

In a sober moment, let's talk about [Hamas](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas) [wiki].

Hamas is recognized as a terrorist group by the United States, Israel, Canada, and the European Union.  Their founding charter states that they wish to wipe Israel from the map.  Its members "fear God and raise the banner of Jihad in the face of the oppressors."  Violence and holy war is the appropriate solution to take care of the infidels.

They are well known for their use of suicide bombers, including females and children.  They confine their attacks to Israel and Israelis, and have take credit for many bombings and attacks.

And now, [they won the Palestinian elections](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4652866.stm) [BBC] and are a valid political power within the Palestinian government.  They hold 76 of 132 parliament seats.  80% of the population participated in the election, which was supported by the US.  In an ironic move, the people which for so long did not recognize Israel as a valid government, now having become a valid government in themselves, are not being recognized as such unless they renounce the violence and hatred of their charter.

What is democracy?  If the people call for a violent, anti-semetic government, can other countries deny that elected party the recognition that the people have decided to grant it?

I want to say, if we're lucky, Hamas will try to make a move, and then Israel will have an excuse to lay waste to all the various nations around it trying to eliminate them.

But that's not love.  What's the appropriate sort of love in this circumstance?  Can you turn the other cheek, if your enemy is aiming for your neck?  I'd have a hard time not being racist in Israel.  Being Jewish in America, I can say I don't discriminate based on race, but I don't have anyone actively trying to kill me.  No one sends women or children running at me with a bomb strapped to their back.

I usually post pictures up.  But who's to say if I should put one of defiant Islamic militants, or of Arab children killed by Israelis?