---
title: "The Bliss"
date: 2018-03-06
private: false
---

When you’re in love with your wife and kid(s), you’re in a good place. A lot of people find great joy in their family. I’m not special.

When you’re wired so your job stimulates your brain’s pleasure centers, you’re in a extra good place.

I’m addicted to solving problems. I get blasted with a nice rush of dopamine, which drives my mind to say *hey, keep solving problems! *(The biggest downside to this is those occasions when I’m dealing with my wife, and she doesn’t want me to solve her problems — but I viewed **that **as a problem to be solved by not solving problems for that conversation, and just listening! A win-win-win.)

As an engineer, I solve problems related to technology.

As a CEO, I solve problems related to…well, everything. I’ll say I focus on problems of *what motivates people* and *how to build collaboration and cooperation.*

As someone who loves chickens, I…love chickens, I suppose?

As someone who lives/works on a mini rescue farm, I have the honor of serving other living creatures who come from bad places, and learn and grow because of that service.

As someone who works from home, I get to set my schedule, spend tons of time with my wife, and see my daughter grow and learn and develop every day.

As a CEO of an engineering company who works from home developing a novel engineering product for chickens, I combine it all together. I’ve never been more hardworking, tired, or happy.

It makes me happy. Many days, I’m fueled by a natural high, and feel simply euphoric.

I know everyone can’t duplicate my situation — but I think more people can find on an aspect of their job they like, and focus on building positive associations with that aspects, and grow to be happier with their job.

I think people can find aspects of their family that are positive, and increase their happiness with their family.

I think everyone can seek aspects of life they love, and make those an integral part of their life.

Many people have a *thing* that they are into. Oftentimes that thing isn’t really viewed as a career — but sometimes you can find creative ways to make it that.

I’m not advocating to give up your stable, safe career to pursue your passion. But I’m also not **not **advocating for that.

Don’t be dumb about it. Figure out what you’re ideal life situation is — where you live, where you work, how you interact with family, how you interact with people. Make goals, and find ways to achieve them. Slowly, if necessary. The trajectory you’re on directs where you will be in five years. If you’re on a path you don’t like now — it’s not going to change by itself.

The world doesn’t owe you anything — but you also don’t owe anything to the world but your best. If you’re not being your best at your job, perhaps you owe the world better. That might take some hard fucking work. That’s the part that really gets people.

I did not always love my work. I didn’t always work from home. I did not always love my wife and kid the way I do now. I didn’t grow up with chickens.

I made choices, and plans. Those choices were difficult at times. Once the difficult is overcome, looking back — it never seems like it was so hard. It always does seem totally worth it. I know to keep making choices that better my trajectory, and if my process and path are correct, I find myself able to simply enjoy the bliss of living at the same time as pursuing my goals.